c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\Content\kwadrat.xnb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\Content\kwadrat_czerwony.xnb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\Content\kwadrat_szary.xnb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\Content\score.xnb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\Snake_podejście2.exe
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\Snake_podejście2.pdb
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\obj\x86\Release\Snake_podejście2.exe
c:\users\konrad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\obj\x86\Release\Snake_podejście2.pdb
C:\Users\konrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\bin\Windows\Release\Content\2gracz.xnb
C:\Users\konrad\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Snake_podejście2\Snake_podejście2\obj\x86\Release\Snake_podejście2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
